Author: Leo Sciortino

So far we have implemented the following invariants:

1. Guarantee that before calling usetmaxnreg there is a bar.sync
2. Guarantee that usetmaxnreg doesn't exceed or go below the set limit and 
that it is a multiple of a set limit (this limit is set in constants.py)
3. Every thread that incs their registers must eventually not be in that state
    a. We gurantee the correctness of this by not letting the pc increment after
    the inc instruction unless the cta pool has enough registers
        be more specific rihgt now it could be any iunstruction
    b. In ptx we just call usetmaxnreg but in software this is implemented for inc
    as follows

    .L_x_29:
      WARPSYNC.ALL                          ; sync all threads in warp
      USETMAXREG.TRY_ALLOC.CTAPOOL UP0, 0xd0  ; attempt to allocate 208 regs, result → UP0
      PLOP3.LUT P0, PT, PT, PT, UP0, 0x80, 0x8 ; copy UP0 → P0 (regular predicate)
      @!P0 BRA .L_x_29                      ; if allocation failed, loop back

    So instead of adding uncessesary states we can just lift this out and call the invarient
    we described above
4. If one thread in a warp group incs or decs it's registers, then all threads
in the warp group must do the same
5. If an instruction has register Ri as one of it's source or operand registers,
then the number of registers allocated to that thread must be \geq i+1
6. A thread that incs to n registers must have lte n registers currently allocated
7. A thread that decs to n registers must have gte n registers currently allocated 

add WARPSYNC

what things go wrong that aren;t specified in teh ptx semantics
is there a particular order executions that causes issues
    guess the error state should catch these things
    can we prove this?
what are some more sophisticated benchmarks what ideas would you wnat to see
warp group specific inc and decs
if warpid < 4 decrement else increment currently
could incrememnt and decrement on finer grained basis
break ctapool such that half cta uses 
righ tnow all warpgropus share same ctapool
split cta pool such that half and have sub cta pool

if you are given a piece of code analyze its different regions analyze num registers in region and insert dec and inc
